Ahei Dasandimian & Funk heads, my name is Joel Robert Justiawan. you can call me Joel. I am a programmer. okay, not just programmer, I make games. not just games, a cinematic universe, gamers can enjoy yeah!
I'm fine, thancc, cool and good. Nice to meet you too.
Oh, okay. It's alright, it can be `Djoel` or `Yoel` (this one I heard is how Hebrew pronounciation is, idk). BUT pls, no `Hoel`. My parent inspire this name from a Holy Bible. According to the name meaning databases, it means Son of God. Cool right? anyway..
I am from Jakarta, Indonesia yess. Okay ummm
I can learn various programming languages and will atleast able to build something with that language in around maybe 2 days or maybe more. Right now, I had experiences with Pascal, Lua, C++, C, Haxe, uh..., little Python in here, GDscript of Godot yess, HTML basic something something, CSS not too much, and uh.. okay pretty much just to name some.
I also draws things, used to be written on paper with pen, now today currently with Inkscape SVG. Yeah, I have financial trouble getting Cintiq. Intuos way doesn't work at all for me, That way of drawing thing, it kills me so Cintiq is the only way thancc.
My Blender skill is unfortunately stuck at architecture at the moment, I wish I had motivation and skill to sculpt humanoid character because those people do not share download link for those 3d models right ahead! Okay some of them do, but another some are expensive, no download link, and some again partial, DLC, microtransaction so UGH! I want to have that skill.
Okay, we're way too out of context for this realm. SO, in this FNF, I make mods. all the way myself, no help been involved as of now. So, I apologize for the music that is not original composition but selection of someone's royalty free music of my favourite, although of course, I did drew stages, characters, charting, and some arrows.
Oh and also I made some Covers too here. e.g. this one right here LINK, I compose out of that guy's MIDI which unfortunately I can't track anymore, Go find a mid end Yamaha Keyboard displayed at stationary store that people can try before buy, just use that just to record the MIDI, and slap all that FNF vibe in it, all with LMMS. sorry, that one is the old version, this is the new one LINK I have not yet uploaded, or I just should chart this one, but this requires more asset about it.
Now. Little background here, Why I'm here? There's already Stepmania. Okay, but Stepmania can only do so much apparently, for the particular sector, this FNF had something unique that even lacking features that Stepmania has still makes this stands out. Okay, you may not think this is enough and can't comprehend enough. That's okay. I also used to be ignorant at something far niche like this here, but why I here? Right hear me out, this one is sad, prepare some tissue.
The Sky gone. Yes, that's the main reason. Alright, you may disagree with me, calling me childish, never wanna move on, Yes I don't want to move on for this one. I hate this incident. Think ways how to cope it this, making rant videos, oh I went lazy, canceled. How about mods? Okay let's try it. learn how FNF works, any tools available in order to get it working, I found Kade! here's Kade, hmmm I want to make sure everything I updated the latest as Kade is, so Fork it. Make the cope, Week 5720NG (STRONG), 3 TheFatRat songs, add a karaoke robot symbolizing Sky is gone. Well I think I've changed some lore parts already during LFM lifespan here I think.. idk. Continue more weeks, Week 7 not been release, let's angry about it, there's drama, also angry about it, Cval blocked me, Oh that little rascal! I only asked what Kenny was that that said Week7 song a.. Trap genre of song? you just blocked me out for no reason, what the peck!? oh wait. Did we just become what we behold? I see. This gotta be stop. This rant week have to be the last one, next, no more. We don't want to be a Keemstar embedded as an FNF mod, you see, idk. and there it goes.
Alright, now for the technical side, I tried my best to complete everything here, make things intuitive as much as possible. and more.
Lots of challenges here, e.g. this Haxe way of programming things seems cumbersome to me, especially the native addons, currently have one that its library binary only available for Windows, no anything else, So work day night to work it around, and encourage mod maker using this my FNF engine to use the system so it cross platform, idk.
Alright, I guess that should be enough, whoah there's alot of text here. I think people have just went away, ah that's should not be a surprise, not all people are into introduction yess.
oh yeah, if I may put my business card here, which contains lots of social media address and collection of donation addresses, it's here. https://cointr.ee/joelwindows7 yeah.
Thancc for your attention.