The Pervert Tesla gun, Section of 'Begalion' movie

One day, Hielsq and his friend Marsq was on the way. When in midway, they interupted by a bunch of girls. They are the Begal in female, want to rob the victim's precious item they had shown.
Hielsq: "Oh no, we've been blocked by the begals!"
Marsq: " What we have to do??"
Begal cewek 1: " Hey you! You all have been trespassing our area, this is our field!"
Begal cewek 2: "As the punishment, give me all your items!"
Begal cewek 3: "and the money!"
Begal cewek 4: "GIVE TO US RIGHT NOW OR DIE!"
Hielsq: "Give you all the item? Huh, you must be kidding to me right? Think you can beat us huh?"
Begal cewek 5: "Oooo, so you reject us huh? NOW WE'RE GONNA PUNCH YOU!"
Hielsq: "Ooh, alright, if you do so, then Feel it this!!!"
Hielsq then draw his tesla gun and fire it to those sexy begals. As the projectile hit the begals, the begals imediately electrocuted, fell weak paralyzed and stupid at a momment, and their dual ball gone squirt. Then the begals tired just like after running, fell lying onto the ground.
Marsq: "Wow, that weapon is Amazing, you can make them weak and power-lost! Are they hurt?"
Hielsq: "No, they're not, instead they perverted."
Marsq: " huh? Perverted?"
Hielsq: "it shakes their balls"
Marsq: "HAH WHAT?!"
Hielsq: "ssssssss, don't talk if you don't want us busted."
Marsq: "uh ok, I'll keep the secret. So that's why the begal are mostly men right?"
Hielsq: "Exactly, however men can also be perverted too."
Marsq: "Whoa, how would you do that?"
Hielsq: "this Tesla gun has 2 mode which another second mode is a mode that use Cumilatium that cause a male to cum massively at the fewest amount of Cumilator molecules."
Hielsq test the second mode by shooting upward randomly right there and accidentally hit someone at the building up there.
Begal doyan internetan: "Oh my god, that was so cuming, I wonder the angel who it is, ahhhhhhhhh!"
Marsq: "Amazing!!!"
Hielsq: "Yeaah."
Marsq: "ah, I'm hungry"
Hielsq: "don't worry, I'll find you food."
Marsq: "Ok."

The end of chapter "The pervert Tesla gun"