Hexos candy ad, Yameru!!!

Once upon a time, in a cafe.
Chincilla Wistonma was having lunch. When suddenly, she saw 2 arguing brothers.
The guy is fighting about approval. One guy from Blue company wants approval, but the guy from red company disapprove.
The fight gets harder. Chincilla stood up as she starts to fear. Her heartbeat start to pounding of fear. Her lung breath faster as well. She got an idea. She has a pack of Hexos candy on her left breast pocket. Maybe she can use it for something.

Chincilla ate one tablet of Hexos.

Until the fight going climax, the red guy upset and table flip towards the blue guy.
Indigo Kinta the blue brother: "(surprised, then) Ok, fine! (Draw giant magnetic pulse weapon and charge it, targeting Eritronic Kinta the red brother.)"
The red brother also draw his magnetic pulse weapon and charge to kill blue guy.

Chincilla panic then draw critical stop gesture.
Chincilla: "YAMERUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!......"
Whole cafe including 2 brothers stared at Chincilla. Not just that, everyone around this world heard her scream.
The other things happened such as:
- anarchist demo on a Jakarta road stopped immediately
- ‎A motorist who supposedly break the red light canceled to cross the limit line and stop immediately
- ‎2 kids who are climbing wall, to trespass someone's house surprised and stopped. They then look at the scream and the cat above the wall also look at the scream.
- ‎Thief at night that supposedly stole a precious frame, gets surprised, aborted his mission and flee away. The frame is didn't even been touched.
- ‎Darth vader who had shot the deadly beam to the earth, cancelled the ongoing laser (cartoon braking sfx) and retract it (cartoon sudden run pew! sfx), sacrificing himself, bOom!

Back to the scene. The scream is finished while Chincilla holding the gesture.
The situation becomes silence of surprising thing happened.
Everyone in the cafe surprised and is staring at Chincilla.
Chincilla is keeping the gesture while her tear is waterfalling. She look's like 😭 with a hiks hiks hiks.
Then the brothers realised.
They looked each other. They looked at the weapon they draw to kill each other. The brother regreted and throw the weapon away (blue and then red). They start crying like a child. They come closer togerher and then hug with maximum crying. As they hug, they pat the back each other. Seriously Mengharukan (Heart touching).

Hollywood version of US President like voice: "Dunia bisa berubah seketika, hanya dengan kamu angkat suara. (World could change soon, just/only if you raised a word.)"

Hexos!

Lol XD
Hexos © who made this product? [All]
Fanart:
JOELwindows7
Perkedel Technologies
CC4.0-BY-SA
Some rights reserved