[Story] An unElusive Sexual Criminalizer Megamind 

This guy is the master mind of the things that disallows NSFW and raids at all costs. Makes everyone fear and has to abide his law or dedd, iik serkat!

In a supermarket.
Agent 47 purchases groceries. He is at the payment cashier.
Castin: "Alright, sir, please put your purchases here. Okay.."
Castin the cashier scans 47's one by one over the object recogition scanner system.
Scanner: "(object recognized) Beep!"
47 purchases 20 Bean soup can, 5 Cassete cooker cartridge can, 30 Oreo full size default vanilla flavour, 30 Tango full size default chocolate flavour, and 40 Vege Salad in a can.
Castin can even count quanities by looking at them and point its quantities per item. the cashier supports set quantity for easier process.
At the times for last scan, Castin suddenly interupted by his fellow, Brobok (chubby dad body person, Lead of cashiering division).
Brobok Boss: "Castin, can you come here for a minute please?"
Castin: "Wait! I'm still serving customer!"
Brobok: "Dude, this is emmergency and critical!"
Castin: "(upset and leave to Brobok's call) Sorry, sir. Just a sec. ... (away to mission). Oh c'mon! (Follow Brobok)"
Castin left for that emmergency call. Then arrived at a panicked Cashier, Torus. 47 was looking at the event.
Castin: "What's going on?"
Torus: "(shiver panic) Help! (Right hand points to the cashier system display)"
Castin: "(slowly looked and analysing) ......, (analysed and saw the problem) oh! That's just, you know, you fell to its desktop. Let me fix it (touching the screen, doesn't work!). Oops! Ooh I forgot, the monitor has no touch screen, and oh. No Alt Tab. It's proprietary cashier keyboard. I need a mouse. Or normal keyboard. You guys have one lying around? I need the PS/2 or USB, whatever. Please (right hand asking thing).
Brobok: "Okay. We'll find it. Hosch!"
Hosch: "Yes, sir!"
Brobok: "Find Castin a mouse or general keyboard. Follow me (go to warehouse)"
Hosch: "Yes, sir."
Brobok: "(to Castin) Keep an eye on!"
Castin: "Yes, sir!"
Brobok and Hosch went to warehouse to find a mouse for Castin to move the computer cursor  in order to click the browser that was accidentally minimized or general keyboard tab to browser. Note that the proprietary cashier keyboard has no Alt and even Tab button. It is all numpad, 12 Function keys, and 30 weird proprietary brand exclusive (Minfow Kokskorf Inc.) keys.

Warehouse 
Brobok: "Alright. I will find around here, and you find around there."
Hosch: "Yes, sir."
Brobok: "(has been started searching) must be here somewhere."

Back to Supermarket
47 becomes bored. He looked around his head. Then to the cashier table. 47 saw another scanner after the large one. It is the gun version of the scanner. Usefull in case the object is too large to fit on table or too small for the table scanner to scan. It has 50 MP camera from Sony.
47 took the scan gun. 47 rotate around the thing, analysing its look. 47 popped an idea about the barcode on his back neck. 47 silently and with silly, to scan the barcode on his back neck to see what would happend. 47 feels naughty after being too professional. 
The scanner recognized the barcode and appears on the system as "AGENT 47".

-----------------------------------
AGENT 47                       1x Rp 0
 io interactive       (out of stock)
-----------------------------------

The cashier machine pretends to be error. It has hidden sparker inside the monitor and other broken robot effectors inside of it.

==================================
                              ERROR
  ILLEGAL ITEM FOUND, CANT CONTINUE
==================================

The monitor even glitches through. That is also another special effect!
47 regreted the act and immediately put the scan gun back to its dock.
47: "(volume 0 mouth, blush embarrasment) oops.."
And after 5 seconds of erroring acting, the total price fell down to zero!!!

Meanwhile warehouse
Brobok: "(still searching, has been around those cabinets) ... ugh, c'mon, you can do this. (Saw a Logitech black classic PS/2 mouse, gasp) Hhhh?! (Grasp in haste) Found it!! (Victory fist gesture but with mouse) Yes!!!"
Hosch: "It's a PS/2 mouse."
Brobok: "It is. He wants PS/2 or USB mouse or general keyboard. This is fit to the statement. C'mon, let's go. Back to case!"
Hosch: "Yes, sir!"
Brobok and Hosch went back.

Back to Supermarket 
Brobok: "Castin, here's the mouse, buddy."
Castin: "Al..right, thanks!"
Castin connected the PS/2 mouse into the computer's debug PS/2 port on the front.
Castin: "Alright, just click this minimized.. (click minimized task button)"
Browser restored!
Brobok: "Nah there it is, but, weird"
The browser is not in full screen, hence the browser bars shows up.
Castin: "I know, just click menu, and Full screen. Hah! Good as new!"
The cashier interface works again like normal, nothing happened.
Brobok: "Wow!"
Torus: "Whew... almost there. (Thanks)"
Brobok: "Thank you, Castin!"
Castin: "(head face to boss) Anytime. (Bye gesture) See ya. (Return to his cashier)"
Castin returned to his cashier and continued serving 47.
Castin: "Ah, sorry to keep you waiting. So, where was I? Oh! The payment! (See total price) it's... free. Okay! Thank you for shopping with us! (Bye hand gesture) Have a nice day."
47: "Anytime."
Castin: "Ahhahahaha XD, you serious man (ada ada aja kamu!)!."
47 left the store and went back to his house at sewer.

Unidentified sewer
47 has just restocked his living items and all of those has been placed on large 2 door outdated 2018 ish fridge.
47 then sit down on his workspace chair and opened the laptop.

An email has just came from Diana Burnwood.
47 clicked to open it.

Diana Burnwood: "Good afternoon 47.
Your destination is Reside Residence, Bali. World's the only 9 Star hotel and the luxuriest hotel in universe. The place where all elites gather and have fun.
Your main target is
Kisopo Sapolonzo.
The Head of Sesta and Fosta Foundation.
(Sesta and fosta is bad! Here is why: https://stopsesta.org)
His organisation is about to police what happened on the internet and raids anything that leads to the quote on quote, "world destruction". Unfortunately, the organization is also to criminalize any sexual activities on the internet and as well to raid those who not to abide his law. It dues for all types of sexual activities no matter what. This results the hinders of free speech and causes chaos known as Sexpocalypse. The protest also known as Speechpocalypse since the organisation appears to hinder free speeches and its conflict with the free speech rules.
Kisopo was right now on his stay in this luxuriest residence in Bali. Our client claims that he stays somewhere on beach side area as usually he is. I must inform you that the security has been tightened as all the officials knows that Kisopo, quote on quote, "Golden person" for his act to ban any pornographies to death and has been sponsored by Indonesian's Communication and Information Minister (Kemenkominfo) and other foundations in Indonesia and International as well, particularly pornophobic, asexualists, and sexophobic.
You will be partnered with
Hikaru Seraya. A daughter of one of the kitchen workers in the residence, Dinno Abregan Seraya and Tinna Seregin Seraya.
You will meet her at the start of the mission in the west gate of the ressort.
She will guide you throughout the mission as she is fond in the ressort for years. She knows every locations of the room even the exclusive employee only rooms (Her father works there as manager). She can lead you to the target.
There are available tons of way to eliminate your target. Be creative and take a look around. Some objects will be useful by itself, and some has to be combined.
Beware, that you have to stay professional and clean. Your target is the only focus. You cannot let anyone, other than target, and even your partner be killed. Also you cannot cause any chaos.
This is going to be real bad, 47. The cancer has to be eliminated immediately before it spreads to other parts of the other foundations, and the universe.
I will leave you to prepare."

Mission Status: Active

Kisopo Sapolonzo
Time: before it kills any Perkedel's NSFW site. And before the Sesta and Festa reaches its peak prime.
Elimination:
- Any method
- Scronch dead
Conditions:
- Protect Hikaru Seraya! Don't let her die!
- Do not kill guards, innocents, other head of foundations, other officials, and anything other than the target! Just syncope and hide them.
- Hide the target after kill
- Silent kill
- no Masacre and rampages! No noticed
Optionals:
- Tell all head of other foundations on site to regret anti-NSFW. Brochure can be found in attached file at email. Print with any services you can find. Better do it first as they will help you after regreting.
Modifiers:
- Respawn on kill from event checkpoint
- must did it! You quit, still available. Dedd, still available
- can be replayed
- it's yours.
Perkedel Ending:
- Default difficulty
- Optional (Tell all head organisation) is done 1st before main mission
- Plasmacluster easter egg is done 1st before main mission
- Clean kill, Unnoticed, no chaos
- Hikaru is alive, no huert
- Exit Mission with same service. The taxi service you have got.

.
Played!
Diana: " Welcome, to Faramix Resort. A luxury paradise in Bali.
A series of paradise, hotel, restaurant, entertainment for anything vacational. (Wait 10 second)
There are over 1000 public facilities but not limited to Private and reserved only facilities.
(Wait 5 second)
Kisopo held a party and press conference at the main auditorium. It is large party. The party is about sexual traficking awareness and how bad it is. I would like if you eliminate him without anyone noticing."
47 arrived at the west gate. He saw Hikaru. He came down from the taxi and get close to her.
Diana: "That, is your partner. Hikaru Suh-raa-yaa. (As I said before) Despite her cute anime look, you should not underestimate her. She is very powerful, just like you."
47 has met with Hikaru.
Hikaru Seraya: "Hi! You must be, Tobias Reaper, right?"
47: "Yes. I am T..."
Hikaru: "(volume 50%) 47."
47: "(impressed with her knowing) ..., and you, Hikaru Seraya."
Hikaru: "Yap, Betuuuuul!"
47: "Nice to meet you (greet)"
Hikaru: "Nice to meet you too! Come-come! I've something (hold hand to 47) to show you (pull direct 47 to basement kitchen office)"
Hikaru drop hand and leave 47 to follow Hikaru.
47 walks following her for something intresting.

Basement kitchen office
Dinno Abregan Seraya: "(Google Duo) Okay, just take a look at this garnish model. Is this good?"
Chef Anthonio Mistar: "Look's already perfect. Should apply!"
Dinno: "Okay! Gotta save it. (Click save and saved) Saved! Alright then. We'll catch up later, bye, God Bless you. (Close call). Ahhhhh."
Hikaru and 47 came. Hikaru enter. 47 wait.
Door open sound.
Dinno: "Whoah! Hey, Hikaru. You back. He's here?"
Hikaru: "Yes, dad! He's here!"
47 enters.
Hikaru: "Tadaaaaa!"
Dinno: "Ah, finally! You're here! Right, we should start meeting now. (Click closed meeting mode, window cap rolls down closed, audio canceler on). Right, we're good. Alright, here we go! (Open presentation file).
So, as you can see... oh, hehe. Please sit down sit down sit down sit down, relax. This is gonna be fun.  C'mon, have a drink (that ocha tea) ahead of you. It's clear. Sweet! Okay. No need to be tenseful. I guarantee, it's fun. Have a vacation gangs. Right.
So, as you can see, we have been informed, that, he stays in the beach area. Just as of right where Hikaru went to meet you, 47, one of my fellow, Fillow Anggregushi. Fillow saw, Kisopo stays, in, number,,,,, 1A. Yes. The first, and the best. Hence its price (presentation shows Rp 500 Billion per night in Bahasa Indonesia) as shown. It's gladful, Kisopo being the only one who can reach it. (Delay 2 second)
Actually, it's not because of his richness.
But, (volume 50% and range whisper pose) it's his sponsor. (Volume 100% end the pose).
That's right! Officials likes him! They adore him, like (quote on qupte hand motion) "Jesus of Pornophobia"!!, (disgusted pose) eeeewww!!
(Sadd mood) uh, yeah. I, just, no. Not jealous. I'm disappointed. Concern. And it's tragic (miris). So, that's why I need you to stop the cancer to spread properly as soon as possible before we got their effects. So please.
(Back to default cheer mood) Oh, by the way, we have a lot of facilities! Not just air conditioners. But also, Mini Golf Put Put! ATV! Mini Tour Car Train! Bom Bom Kar (Bumper Car)! Super Go Kart! Roller Coaster! Fidget Spinner! Spinner Cup! Laser gun! Video Game! Vee Arr!!!! And MANY MANY MORE!!!! YEAH!!
So, go ahead, take your vacation. Relieve your stress, aaand have fun. BUUUT, Remember. (Point to 47) Your Mission. (Felt pointing at someone too offensive and rude) Oh, I'm sorry."
47: "it's okay."
Dinno: "Whew. Thx. Okay.
When Kisopo has free time, he will benefit one of our facility. I know, you are very creative person. We believe in you. Also, you can use any objects lying around here. We work normally. But your creativity may lead to these objects that lies around be useful. Oh, about someone here, I am aware that it is you. However, you must be careful. Not all people you can trust. (Give UV camera Monocle the One eyed glasses) here, is the camera (orange neck band permanent paint ). Alright. Here is me. The people you should trust is the one that has (point pinch to the orange neck band) this band, right here. Alright? But if they have no ring like this, watch out. Okaai! that's it, you can go now! Please, have fun!!!"

.
Easter Egg!
Plasmacluster!
Find an air purifier at the main convention hall outer wall. Tap FN 3 times then at last 3rd tap, hold FN 5 sec. It will piano mode. Play the song "Plasmacluster, hanya dari Sharp!". Then he beep will end like beeeeeeeep in G note. A mystery compartment containing scent essence pack 12 flavours opens. You can collect it home. Also the entire ressorts will become scentful with Lavender. The 4DX lavender scent will also emit throughout mission. 

Numpak RX King! (Mission exit)
Steal the RX King key from security hut key hookings. The RX king motor can be found on Basement motor parking somewhere. Note the number is DK 327 HIJ (327 is Agent 327, and HIJ is Hendrik IJzerbroot, his real name. DK is registration city, Bali. Wait, Denpasar??). The exit ticket is built in with the Motor's chip. Just get out of the parking like nothing. Once 47 passes off the portal gate, 47 will sing the song "Ren teng teng teng teng teng...", run off and the mission exits.