:dad: right. we got 2 calibrated. onto the final one. and do you have any to say before we go?
:bf: ummm, what is it? haven't thought one of it yet
:dad: okay then, me got one. If we have to be canceled since she didn't came back (even already reach minimum bake days),
:dad; tell Joel to make sure to keep the idea safe outtawhere. just to his own private domain of course.
:bf: uh, dude, look across the home theater. we've been viewed by gamers here. say Hi
:dad: uh oh, ahei dasandimians & whatsup gamers. uh, you people weren't supposed to be here. this conversation is confidential.
:bf: yeah, it's a secret. we are in danger here. How did you know that there's this egg here?
:dad: yeah, you gamers are so detective, we appreciate that. but... you exposed us, to other gamers, oh no. we're busted.
:bf: are we gonna be trashed for this? well, uh. I.. technically speaking, we don't have anything except that procedural.. coincidental thingy..
:dad: okay. we beg you gamers, not to tell GameBanana managers of FNF mods about this conversation. pls. we beg you.
:dad: this is only between you gamers and us.
:bf: and oh, we just have to remind you once again, not to reshare the idea there anymore, until supposed time when.
:dad: so keep your mouth shut, until the owner reach minimum bake days. okeh?
:bf: and oh! www.odysee.com/@JOELwindows7 . save this link, I MEAN IT. in case the GameBanana manager figured out the idea and trashed it for that reason.
:bf: Let us hope she going back handy dandy when the day comes.
:dad: and we'll make sure she get better impression than ever before.
:dad: oh, where were we before?
:bf: we are going to calibrate final song for the adventurer "this week"!
:dad: oh okay. let's go! shall we?
:dad: what? why may not reshare? well let us tell you. there's just bad going on here, and the owner is still too young to handle this social life..
:dad: from 69420 that a bunch bastards snuck into her lair in front of her people, scronch proposals,
:dad: and uh, her life went haywire since then so that this inspiree here took down the build of idea for her safety.
:bf: yeah, it's sad. we seriously disappointed. the year comes more towards hostility these days. earth people especially refused to control themselves.
:dad: yeah. so, here we go.. let's begin.
:bf: hey isn't this song supposed to be hope meeting again after COVID-19 ends?